[Identity] Decouple usernames from identities (#5554)
paritytech/polkadot-sdk: substrate/frame/identity/README.md

#### Usernames

The pallet provides functionality for username authorities to issue usernames, which are independent
of the identity information functionality; an account can set:
- an identity without setting a username
- a username without setting an identity
- an identity and a username

The username functionality implemented in this pallet is meant to be a user friendly lookup of
accounts. There are mappings in both directions, "account -> username" and "username -> account".

To grant a username, a username authority can either:

> - be given an allocation by governane of a specific amount of usernames to issue for free,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- be given an allocation by governance of a specific number of usernames to issue for free,
```

Author: Fixed.
